c:\users\bbdnet1054\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStoreProject\MusicStoreProject\bin\MusicStoreProject.dll.config
c:\users\bbdnet1054\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStoreProject\MusicStoreProject\bin\MusicStoreProject.dll
c:\users\bbdnet1054\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStoreProject\MusicStoreProject\bin\MusicStoreProject.pdb
c:\users\bbdnet1054\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStoreProject\MusicStoreProject\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\bbdnet1054\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStoreProject\MusicStoreProject\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\bbdnet1054\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStoreProject\MusicStoreProject\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\bbdnet1054\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStoreProject\MusicStoreProject\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\bbdnet1054\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStoreProject\MusicStoreProject\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\bbdnet1054\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStoreProject\MusicStoreProject\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\bbdnet1054\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStoreProject\MusicStoreProject\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\bbdnet1054\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStoreProject\MusicStoreProject\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\bbdnet1054\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStoreProject\MusicStoreProject\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\bbdnet1054\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStoreProject\MusicStoreProject\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\bbdnet1054\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStoreProject\MusicStoreProject\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\bbdnet1054\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStoreProject\MusicStoreProject\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\bbdnet1054\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStoreProject\MusicStoreProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\bbdnet1054\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStoreProject\MusicStoreProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\bbdnet1054\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStoreProject\MusicStoreProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\bbdnet1054\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStoreProject\MusicStoreProject\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\bbdnet1054\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStoreProject\MusicStoreProject\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\bbdnet1054\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStoreProject\MusicStoreProject\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\bbdnet1054\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStoreProject\MusicStoreProject\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\bbdnet1054\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStoreProject\MusicStoreProject\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\bbdnet1054\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStoreProject\MusicStoreProject\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\bbdnet1054\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStoreProject\MusicStoreProject\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\bbdnet1054\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStoreProject\MusicStoreProject\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\bbdnet1054\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStoreProject\MusicStoreProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\bbdnet1054\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStoreProject\MusicStoreProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\bbdnet1054\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStoreProject\MusicStoreProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\bbdnet1054\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStoreProject\MusicStoreProject\obj\Debug\MusicStoreProject.dll
c:\users\bbdnet1054\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStoreProject\MusicStoreProject\obj\Debug\MusicStoreProject.pdb
c:\users\bbdnet1054\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStoreProject\MusicStoreProject\obj\Debug\MusicStoreProject.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\bbdnet1054\Documents\GitHub\GitHubRepo\gdcoetsee.github.io\Begin\MusicStoreProject\bin\MusicStoreProject.dll.config
C:\Users\bbdnet1054\Documents\GitHub\GitHubRepo\gdcoetsee.github.io\Begin\MusicStoreProject\bin\MusicStoreProject.dll
C:\Users\bbdnet1054\Documents\GitHub\GitHubRepo\gdcoetsee.github.io\Begin\MusicStoreProject\bin\MusicStoreProject.pdb
C:\Users\bbdnet1054\Documents\GitHub\GitHubRepo\gdcoetsee.github.io\Begin\MusicStoreProject\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\bbdnet1054\Documents\GitHub\GitHubRepo\gdcoetsee.github.io\Begin\MusicStoreProject\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\bbdnet1054\Documents\GitHub\GitHubRepo\gdcoetsee.github.io\Begin\MusicStoreProject\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\bbdnet1054\Documents\GitHub\GitHubRepo\gdcoetsee.github.io\Begin\MusicStoreProject\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Users\bbdnet1054\Documents\GitHub\GitHubRepo\gdcoetsee.github.io\Begin\MusicStoreProject\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\bbdnet1054\Documents\GitHub\GitHubRepo\gdcoetsee.github.io\Begin\MusicStoreProject\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\bbdnet1054\Documents\GitHub\GitHubRepo\gdcoetsee.github.io\Begin\MusicStoreProject\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\bbdnet1054\Documents\GitHub\GitHubRepo\gdcoetsee.github.io\Begin\MusicStoreProject\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\bbdnet1054\Documents\GitHub\GitHubRepo\gdcoetsee.github.io\Begin\MusicStoreProject\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\bbdnet1054\Documents\GitHub\GitHubRepo\gdcoetsee.github.io\Begin\MusicStoreProject\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\bbdnet1054\Documents\GitHub\GitHubRepo\gdcoetsee.github.io\Begin\MusicStoreProject\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\bbdnet1054\Documents\GitHub\GitHubRepo\gdcoetsee.github.io\Begin\MusicStoreProject\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\bbdnet1054\Documents\GitHub\GitHubRepo\gdcoetsee.github.io\Begin\MusicStoreProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\bbdnet1054\Documents\GitHub\GitHubRepo\gdcoetsee.github.io\Begin\MusicStoreProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\bbdnet1054\Documents\GitHub\GitHubRepo\gdcoetsee.github.io\Begin\MusicStoreProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\bbdnet1054\Documents\GitHub\GitHubRepo\gdcoetsee.github.io\Begin\MusicStoreProject\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\bbdnet1054\Documents\GitHub\GitHubRepo\gdcoetsee.github.io\Begin\MusicStoreProject\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\bbdnet1054\Documents\GitHub\GitHubRepo\gdcoetsee.github.io\Begin\MusicStoreProject\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\bbdnet1054\Documents\GitHub\GitHubRepo\gdcoetsee.github.io\Begin\MusicStoreProject\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\bbdnet1054\Documents\GitHub\GitHubRepo\gdcoetsee.github.io\Begin\MusicStoreProject\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\bbdnet1054\Documents\GitHub\GitHubRepo\gdcoetsee.github.io\Begin\MusicStoreProject\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\bbdnet1054\Documents\GitHub\GitHubRepo\gdcoetsee.github.io\Begin\MusicStoreProject\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\bbdnet1054\Documents\GitHub\GitHubRepo\gdcoetsee.github.io\Begin\MusicStoreProject\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\bbdnet1054\Documents\GitHub\GitHubRepo\gdcoetsee.github.io\Begin\MusicStoreProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\bbdnet1054\Documents\GitHub\GitHubRepo\gdcoetsee.github.io\Begin\MusicStoreProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\bbdnet1054\Documents\GitHub\GitHubRepo\gdcoetsee.github.io\Begin\MusicStoreProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\bbdnet1054\Documents\GitHub\GitHubRepo\gdcoetsee.github.io\Begin\MusicStoreProject\obj\Debug\MusicStoreProject.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\bbdnet1054\Documents\GitHub\GitHubRepo\gdcoetsee.github.io\Begin\MusicStoreProject\obj\Debug\MusicStoreProject.dll
C:\Users\bbdnet1054\Documents\GitHub\GitHubRepo\gdcoetsee.github.io\Begin\MusicStoreProject\obj\Debug\MusicStoreProject.pdb
C:\Users\bbdnet1294\Documents\GitHub\mpotego.github.io\MusicStoreProject\bin\MusicStoreProject.dll.config
C:\Users\bbdnet1294\Documents\GitHub\mpotego.github.io\MusicStoreProject\bin\MusicStoreProject.dll
C:\Users\bbdnet1294\Documents\GitHub\mpotego.github.io\MusicStoreProject\bin\MusicStoreProject.pdb
C:\Users\bbdnet1294\Documents\GitHub\mpotego.github.io\MusicStoreProject\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\bbdnet1294\Documents\GitHub\mpotego.github.io\MusicStoreProject\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\bbdnet1294\Documents\GitHub\mpotego.github.io\MusicStoreProject\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\bbdnet1294\Documents\GitHub\mpotego.github.io\MusicStoreProject\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Users\bbdnet1294\Documents\GitHub\mpotego.github.io\MusicStoreProject\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\bbdnet1294\Documents\GitHub\mpotego.github.io\MusicStoreProject\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\bbdnet1294\Documents\GitHub\mpotego.github.io\MusicStoreProject\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\bbdnet1294\Documents\GitHub\mpotego.github.io\MusicStoreProject\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\bbdnet1294\Documents\GitHub\mpotego.github.io\MusicStoreProject\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\bbdnet1294\Documents\GitHub\mpotego.github.io\MusicStoreProject\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\bbdnet1294\Documents\GitHub\mpotego.github.io\MusicStoreProject\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\bbdnet1294\Documents\GitHub\mpotego.github.io\MusicStoreProject\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\bbdnet1294\Documents\GitHub\mpotego.github.io\MusicStoreProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\bbdnet1294\Documents\GitHub\mpotego.github.io\MusicStoreProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\bbdnet1294\Documents\GitHub\mpotego.github.io\MusicStoreProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\bbdnet1294\Documents\GitHub\mpotego.github.io\MusicStoreProject\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\bbdnet1294\Documents\GitHub\mpotego.github.io\MusicStoreProject\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\bbdnet1294\Documents\GitHub\mpotego.github.io\MusicStoreProject\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\bbdnet1294\Documents\GitHub\mpotego.github.io\MusicStoreProject\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\bbdnet1294\Documents\GitHub\mpotego.github.io\MusicStoreProject\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\bbdnet1294\Documents\GitHub\mpotego.github.io\MusicStoreProject\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\bbdnet1294\Documents\GitHub\mpotego.github.io\MusicStoreProject\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\bbdnet1294\Documents\GitHub\mpotego.github.io\MusicStoreProject\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\bbdnet1294\Documents\GitHub\mpotego.github.io\MusicStoreProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\bbdnet1294\Documents\GitHub\mpotego.github.io\MusicStoreProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\bbdnet1294\Documents\GitHub\mpotego.github.io\MusicStoreProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\bbdnet1294\Documents\GitHub\mpotego.github.io\MusicStoreProject\obj\Debug\MusicStoreProject.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\bbdnet1294\Documents\GitHub\mpotego.github.io\MusicStoreProject\obj\Debug\MusicStoreProject.dll
C:\Users\bbdnet1294\Documents\GitHub\mpotego.github.io\MusicStoreProject\obj\Debug\MusicStoreProject.pdb
